creation of install doc and refactor of doc in general (#1908)
ROCm/composable_kernel: docs/install/Composable-Kernel-install.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Composable Kernel build and install
  :keywords: composable kernel, CK, ROCm, API, documentation, install

******************************************************
Building and installing Composable Kernel with CMake
******************************************************

Before you begin, clone the `Composable Kernel GitHub repository <https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel.git>`_ and create a ``build`` directory in its root:

.. code:: shell

  git clone https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel.git
  cd composable_kernel
  mkdir build

> Change directory to the ``build`` directory and generate the makefile using the ``cmake`` command. Two build options are required:

Reviewer: Sounds odd that "two build options" are required. 
If you supposed to use both, are they options?

Author: The -D is one of a series of build options for cmake. The arguments passed might not be optional, but they're usually called options. 

From the cmake doc:

> This option may also be given as a single argument: -D<var>:<type>=<value> or -D<var>=<value>.

* ``CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH``: The ROCm installation path. ROCm is installed in ``/opt/rocm`` by default.
* ``CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER``: The path to ``hipcc``. The default path to hipcc is ``/opt/rocm/bin/hipcc``.

.. code:: shell

  cd build
  cmake ../. -D CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH="/opt/rocm" -D CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER="/opt/rocm/bin/hipcc" [-D<OPTION1=VALUE1> [-D<OPTION2=VALUE2>] ...]

> Other available build options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other build options:

```

Author: I'll see if I can write this better.

Author: ```
The ``-j`` option speeds up the build by using multiple threads in parallel. For example, ``-j20`` uses twenty threads in parallel. On average, each thread will use 2GB of memory. Make sure that the number of threads you use doesn't exceed the available memory in your system.
```

* ``CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE``: The build type. Can be ``None``, ``Release``, ``Debug``, ``RelWithDebInfo``, or ``MinSizeRel``. CMake will use ``Release`` by default.

.. Note::

  If neither ``GPU_TARGETS`` nor ``GPU_ARCHS`` is specified, Composable Kernel will be built for all targets supported by the compiler.

Building Composable Kernel can take a significant amount of time. To reduce the build time, the following build options can be used:

* ``DL_KERNELS``: Set to ``ON`` to build deep learning (DL) instances. These instances are useful on architectures that don't support XDL or WMMA.
* ``DPP_KERNELS``: Set to ``ON`` to build data parallel primitive (DPP) instances. These instances are useful on architectures that don't support XDL or WMMA.
* ``CK_USE_FP8_ON_UNSUPPORTED_ARCH``: Set to ``ON`` to build fp8 data type instances for GPU targets without native fp8 support.

Build Composable Kernel using the generated makefile. This will build the library, the examples, and the tests, and save them to ``bin``.

.. code:: shell

    make -j20

> The ``-j`` option speeds up the build by using multiple threads in parallel. For example, ``-j20`` uses twenty threads in parallel. On average, each thread will use 2Gb of memory. Use a number of threads that ensures that the system won't run out of memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``-j`` option speeds up the build by using multiple threads in parallel. For example, ``-j20`` uses twenty threads in parallel. On average, each thread will use 2 GB of memory. Use several threads to ensure that the system won't run out of memory.

```

Author: You want to use a number of threads that won't crash your system. 

The way you wrote it, it sounds like you use a bunch of threads so that your system won't crash. However, the reality is that you can use more threads to make the build go faster, but not so many that your system crashes. 

I'll rewrite this to make it clearer.

Author: > The -j option speeds up the build by using multiple threads in parallel. For example, -j20 uses twenty threads in parallel. On average, each thread will use 2GB of memory. Make sure that the number of threads you use doesn't exceed the available memory in your system.

> Using ``-j`` alone will launch an unlimited number of threads.

Reviewer 2: can we also add something along the lines of

Using ``-j`` alone will launch an unlimited number of threads which may lead the build process to run out of memory.
OR
Using ``-j`` alone will launch an unlimited number of threads and is NOT recommended.
